{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Angelot, Jerome. \uc0\u8216{}Assassin\uc0\u8217{}s Creed III Music Score: Redefining Musical Standards for the AC Brand\uc0\u8217{}. Presented at the Game Developer\uc0\u8217{}s Conference, 2013. https://www.gdcvault.com/play/1018157/Assassin-s-Creed-III-Music.\
Ansani, Alessandro, Marco Marini, Francesca D\uc0\u8217{}Errico, and Isabella Poggi. \uc0\u8216{}How Soundtracks Shape What We See: Analyzing the Influence of Music on Visual Scenes Through Self-Assessment, Eye Tracking, and Pupillometry\uc0\u8217{}. {\i{}Frontiers in Psychology} 11 (2020): 2242. https://doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.02242.\
Huang, Zhengwei, Ming Dong, Qirong Mao, and Yongzhao Zhan. \uc0\u8216{}Speech Emotion Recognition Using CNN\uc0\u8217{}. In {\i{}Proceedings of the 22nd ACM International Conference on Multimedia}, 801\uc0\u8211{}4. MM \uc0\u8217{}14. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, 2014. https://doi.org/10.1145/2647868.2654984.\
Mehendale, Ninad. \uc0\u8216{}Facial Emotion Recognition Using Convolutional Neural Networks (FERC)\uc0\u8217{}. {\i{}SN Applied Sciences} 2, no. 3 (18 February 2020): 446. https://doi.org/10.1007/s42452-020-2234-1.\
Miyamoto, Kana, Hiroki Tanaka, and Satoshi Nakamura. \uc0\u8216{}Music Generation and Emotion Estimation from EEG Signals for Inducing Affective States\uc0\u8217{}. In {\i{}Companion Publication of the 2020 International Conference on Multimodal Interaction}, 487\uc0\u8211{}91. ICMI \uc0\u8217{}20 Companion. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, 2020. https://doi.org/10.1145/3395035.3425225.\
Shenk, Justin, Aaron CG, Octavio Arriaga, and Owlwasrowk. {\i{}Justinshenk/Fer: Zenodo} (version zenodo). Zenodo, 2021. https://doi.org/10.5281/ZENODO.5362356.\
}